When we’re growing up,
we all have to make decisions.
We all have to choose
which path we will take.
My parents raised me
as one of Jehovah’s Witnesses.
Our ministry
—teaching others about the Bible—
has always been an important part of my life.
When I was a teenager,
I wanted to expand my ministry
—to take it to the next level.
There are friends in my local congregation
who had gone to foreign countries
and helped teach people the Bible.
Reading experiences from the Yearbook
motivated me
that that was a goal
that I wanted to set for myself.
After a few years of careful planning
and saving,
I was finally able to travel to Malawi.
The people there
had such a high respect for the Bible.
You could talk to someone
walking down the street
or living in a small house,
or even a mansion.
And all were interested
in what the Bible had to say.
This one time in Malawi,
one of the workers invited us in.
Then the head of the house
invited all the workers and family members,
came into the living room,
sat down, and he said,
“OK, what would you like to tell us
from the Bible?”
And I’m just sitting there like,
“Wow! This is incredible.”
It was so encouraging
to be able to share Bible truths.
Some days you’d be out for 12 hours,
riding home on the bus,
dust coming in the windows,
sharing a seat with four people,
even sometimes a chicken
would be on your lap.
You’d get off the bus,
and you’d have to walk two miles home,
and you’re just exhausted,
but you couldn’t help but have
a grin on your face because you felt
like you accomplished something that day
and that you were doing
the best work you could possibly do.
It wasn’t easy leaving home,
learning a new language,
or even a new culture.
But because of those experiences,
it taught me to rely more on Jehovah.
Sometimes when we’re younger,
we kind of get really involved
in whatever environment we’re in.
When you step outside of that box
and you experience something
that you’ve never handled before,
it helps you to grow as a person
and serve Jehovah in ways
you never thought were possible.
My name is Cameron.
I’m one of Jehovah’s Witnesses.
And I have the best life ever.